Hello guys will come back.
Amazon Web Services is an amazing service.
It has many things that we could use like hosting a server using machine learning API and so on.
In order for us to store the image we need an Amazon Web Services account.
We're going to store it on our street.
So let's go ahead and do just that.
Go to Amazon Web Services website Amazon services and you want to click the second link and you want
to sign up first for me already sign up so I'm going to sign in.
So one sign then you want to click as tree and you want to create a new bucket and you want to give
it a name zone on a web application.
That's next.
Next next the next thing you want to do is you want to go to services and you want to go down and under
secret identity and compliance.
You want to right click here hop on the link and cutup and you want to click users and you want to add
your user.
So I'm going to give it a name or ushe or programatic ex-US it will pass custom password
and next permission and then I'm just going to click this as tree.
I mean this one.
And then next review create user
and that's about it.
So you want to copy this and this or you can actually download to see if you file.
You can download the credentials or you can actually copy this and you can actually pieces somewhere.
So you do want to close the step just because you need access DNC access.
So live it.
So good to see management console type and you want to go to Amazon Amazon web petition.
So currently it is not public.
We want to change it to public just like Amazon or version 1.
So in order for us to do that you know this and you want to go to permission bucket policy and you're
going to do something here.
So in order for us to generate market policy you want to go to a new tab and type in bucket all those
we generate to and then you went to the first slaying.
So make sure you're on the speech.
So just to eschew bucket policy principle with asterisks and then all action.
And if you and you've got to go back to you manage your console and you want to copy this entire thing.
Copy it here paste it and you want to add this asterisk.
Right.
Remember it's the same like this as stateman generate policy and copy this entire thing and you want
to go back to S-G management console.
Even a PC here
Whoops.
Correct right.
Yes it is.
See it.
And this bucket has public access.
So awesome in this video we learn how to create S3 bucket and make it public in the next video.
We will install all the necessary dependencies to upload an image d'esprit.
I'll see you guys in the next video.